.
.
.
User side:

Finish angle corner cabinet models -- DONE except angle front base toekick board needs to be worked out - I don't think we have a way to do this yet, since we don't normally offer these. 

Finish validation (don't foget to disable add, place order buttons etc. on invalid form) -- DONE. Most validation seems To work as intended. Check more via beta-testing.
	Run Validation on tab change too -- shit doesn't work. The only thing that works is the validation textblocks. So be it. -- DONE. Most validation seems To work as intended. Check more via beta-testing.

Fix "Connected" indicator. It doesn't seem to update properly. Use whatever method was used in CorlaneCabinetOrderFormV2. -- Looks like it is working on bedroom computer. Leave as is and check later.
	It is *NOT* working consistently, even on bedroom computer.

Add rollouts option	-- DONE-ish. Need to adjust rollout count logic, and talk about whether to allow adjustable shelves simultaneously

Implement half-depth shelves for 90 deg corner cabinets

If cabinet depth is too shallow for drw, display warning - remove drws and hide drw group box - or, adjust depth range validation based on whether cab has drws

On leaving a dimension box, its dimension should immediately convert to the default format.

Make sure ALL dimension boxes show default format. Reveals, for example do not automatically convert. - Reveals maybe should stay decimal to avoid rounding/creeping.

Add fixed shelf option (FULL DEPTH ONLY) - This will introduce the possibility of splitting the cabinet into more than 1 opening: Allow adjustable shelves and doors per opening? That's CAD territory...

If trash drawer is selected on a 1 drw base, make drw stretcher full depth.




Corlane side:

https://corlanecabinetry.com/cabinetorderformprog/V3/Corlane_Cabinet_Order_Form_V3_Setup.zip Corlane_Cabinet_Order_Form_V3_Setup <-- copy this text to rename the created zip file

Need to warn if cabinet depth is > ~24, so drawer boxes can be resized in eCabs

On stupidly wide cabinets, an Exception tab to notify us to change grain direction on back

Include Doors exception tab is not showing drawer fronts from drawer cabinets - working on this. Added checkboxes for Inc Drw Fronts and Inc Drw Fronts in List in default settings. There is no individual IncDrwFrontsInSizes list for drw fronts 1-4 in Add Cabinet method. Just a master IncDrwFrontsInList. Ugh..

Remove door species PO tab, and add door species to the Include Doors tab. Also make sure that the cabinet HAS doors before showing in the list.

Clear cabinet note after adding/updating cabinet.

PO Corner Cabinet Dims is not checking angle front cabinets!



BUGS:

Adjustable shelf not accounting for back thickness in 3D view. Always spaced for 3/4" back -- DONE-ish.

Base cabinet back and deck are lapped wrong. Deck should be 3/4" less than cab depth and back should lap over deck

It is possible to have a sink cabinet show a false front AND drawer box. Choose sink, then check Inc Drw Boxes checkbox.




OPTIONAL: Add thumbnail images in ListCabinetView -- Talked to AI about it. Looks less complex than I thought. Can be done later. See previous AI chat for details.
OPTIONAL: Add visible shelf holes, pockets, drw slide mounting holes, etc. in 3D preview

	






TESTING NOTES:
									

